hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you another study with me but
this one spans from Sunday right through
to Friday I've never done a video like
this before so I really hope that you
enjoy it I'm really excited to share
with you and I'm so sorry that this is
such a little video so I just wanted to
quickly start by showing you these pens
which were actually sent to me by
chocolate and they are wet white markers
so you can basically write on non-porous
surfaces such as windows mirrors and
whiteboards and I was just using them to
write little motivational quotes on my
window to help keep me motivated to
study I will leave these link down below
because I've really been loving them
since since receiving them and it's not
sponsored by the way just to point out
so this study with me is starting on
Sunday night and the first thing that I
did well the last thing that I did this
day was just finish off this course on
humanism which I was doing for each line
and actually a funny story so I was
doing this every night and I was doing
it regularly and it was a really great
habit that I got into and then I just
didn't do it for two weeks and when you
reached the time limit on a future nine
course you have to pay for it after that
stage and I really wanted to finish it
but I didn't want to pay so I just
finished at this evening I minded to you
some work in one evening I kind of
brushed it but I still learnt a lot and
so I don't think that it was time wasted
or anything it just really urged me to
be really productive when I was going
through this course so that's basically
just what I'm doing Here I am just
reading through the articles usually
reading the transcripts instead of
watching the videos because that's
quicker for me
[Music]
and then I decided to move over to my
bed because it was about 9:45 and I was
quite tired so I just lay down in bed to
do the rest of it
[Music]
and then this is on Monday night and the
last thing that I just did was this
context research for English this was
homework that we had before our mock
exams but I didn't do it last week
because of mocs
and so I'm only just doing it now it
really didn't take very long though I
just had to look for some key context
points about love for both the Edwardian
period and the Tudor / Stuart period and
it was very interesting so then I just
ticked that off my to-do list so I
actually had extra chemistry lesson
after school this day so I didn't get
home until about 6:30 but what I did
after doing my English homework and also
eating dinner was just go through the
key revision notes that I had taken in
the chemistry lesson and just
transferred them to flashcards
you
[Music]
so then after I'd finished that my RS
teacher story had recommended a video
for me to walk and so I was just
watching it here and taking some notes
and it was really interesting it's a
video by Matthew vines about how he
convinced his family that it was okay to
be homosexual and that the Bible
actually condoned it so that was really
interesting and I really appreciated the
recommendation and then here I was just
making some really tricky essay
questions for sexual ethics and I was
just going through the spec to make
these so the first thing I did when I
got home from school on Tuesday evening
was just make these mini mind maps for
sexual ethics again and this was just
checking to see how much information I
could actually recall and I was
basically just using the asset plans
that I'd used the night before so I
could plan really tricky essays and I
also needed to email my friend early so
I just did that and then I moved on to
adding to a Quizlet again sexual ethics
because there were a few mini facts and
pieces of research that I'd done since
coming back to school from the Easter
holidays and I thought it would be
useful to just add these bits into my
Quizlet set
[Music]
then next again for sexual ethics I did
some more research I was just looking
through the news and looking for current
stories that I could add into my essays
so for each of my subjects I like to
keep these display wallets and I will
just put in all my revision Murs
resources but I put them all in one
place but I was actually using one
folder for both English and our US and I
realized that I really needed to use two
because the other one was getting so
full so I just went through and added
all of my Irish sheets into a new folder
and I was actually using the Pens from
chocolate again to label the different
display wallets with the particular
topic theme so for example euthanasia
business ethics
so then the next thing I had to do is
just go through an article which I'd
written for the school magazine and
there were a few quotes from this book
which I had meant to mention but I
hadn't actually so I actually had to
just go through the book and add them in
I'd kind of been procrastinating it
because I knew that it would be quite a
long task to find the quotes again in
the book because I hadn't made a note of
them when I initially read the book not
knowing that I would write this article
[Music]
so the first thing I did when I got home
from school on Wednesday was just going
through unplowed my study session for
the rest of the evening and I was using
this list book with my friend Eloise got
me and it's from Paper Chase so the
first thing I needed to do was just
upload my video for this week which was
my Easter Sunday vlog and I just went
through I edited the thumbnail actually
as well and I uploaded it and I actually
still have one on one Spanish lessons
once a week and I had it at the end of
today so I just went through the
vocabulary we tried learned today and
added it into my Quizlet and then the
next thing I did was just some revision
on lithium cells for chemistry and once
again as you saw me do on Monday I went
through and just made some flashcards on
this
[Music]
so then the next thing I had to do was
just go through and add it to articles
for the school magazine so I am the
assistant editor for a school magazine
and so I'm in charge of basically
checking the grammar and general
coherency of the articles before they
are sent off in their final forms so
that's what I was just doing here and I
do actually quite enjoy editing so it
was good fun our deadlines actually
tomorrow so it's some really exciting
I'm really excited to see the finished
product
[Music]
so the next thing I did which was again
for the school magazine was write the
head girls report which I didn't show
for privacy reasons and then after that
I had been given some reading homework
to do for religious studies today and so
I just went through these three articles
from the Guardian and highlighted and
made some notes
[Music]
and then lastly I just cut out these
Quizlet flashcards whilst listening to a
lecture on Mary Magdalene so then when I
got home from school on Thursday night I
decided to light some candles in my room
which I hadn't really done all this week
and then the first piece of homework
that I did was just writing a timed
English essay paragraph on I'm pretty
sure that this was on hibbott and the
dinner after the raid in journey's end
[Music]
and then after that I decided to write
slash plan another paragraph but this
time it was on the Cenotaph
[Music]
then next I just added the notes that I
had taken from the philosophy sheets
yesterday which I showed you and I just
added them into my notes and there are
also a few bits from the articles that
tied in with other topics that we're
done so I just put these on sticky notes
and added them to the folder which I
showed you I think on Tuesday and then I
also did some of the same mind maps for
sexual ethics that I did on Tuesday
[Music]
they're next I did this chemistry paper
and this was from physics and math tutor
and it was on amino acids
I hadn't actually finished labeling the
parts of my folder with the pens on
Monday so I just decided to do this now
and I was watching a study with me at
the same time I think this one was V's
or was it Rihanna's Rhiannon's I'm so
sorry Rhiannon and then I just quickly
planned my study session for this
evening and I was using my amazing
marauders map to-do list and actually
this was a to-do list for the whole of
the weekend because of course because
it's Friday I have a lot more time now
to study over the weekend so then I just
made some more of these sexual ethics
online maps I was finding them to be
really helpful so I'm really glad that I
did spend the time doing these even
though they were fairly time-consuming
[Music]
so we haven't actually finished the
secularism topic yet we're nearly done
we've got about two or three lessons
left on it so I was just actually going
through my secularism notes and refining
it and making sure that everything
related to the specification and just
setting it out so that it'll be easier
to your revise from and I was actually
using my dad's iPad to annotate the
notes unfortunately though my camera did
run out of charge halfway through this
so I ended up doing these notes for
about two and a half hours but it only
filmed about half an hour of it so I'm
sorry about that but I really hope that
you enjoyed this video thank you for
watching and have a productive week
[Music]
you